[MUSIC]
>> Scott: So
yesterday we ended with a bang.
Lightning fast talk through Redux which
probably confused more than it helped.
So today we're actually
gonna start with that and
a better example is gonna make more sense.
So, along with going over what
we're going to be doing today.
So, here is the app that we're
gonna be making, actually and
the links for
it is actually in the slides.
If you go to the slides, you click on this
link and it will take to what I'm looking
at here
>> Scott: Which is this design here.
So the app that we're gonna be making
today's is called Sweat Book and
this is a fitness app that you can
use to track your stuff in the gym.
So basically that's it, but it's gonna
cover a lot of things that we didn't talk
about yesterday some different APIs and
some different components that we're
gonna use in [INAUDIBLE] native.
So if you look at this design here,
we notice we can see a few things and
the design is important because
it's gonna help us figure out one
how to style the app to
how to set up the routing.
What type of navigation
system we're gonna use and
also how to set up our state
management locally would like Redux.
And so that's what the design does.
So if we look at it, we know that
we have like this one page here,
which is like you can think of it like the
home page of splash screen or whatever.
And it is just talking about the last
time you worked out the day it was on and
you can just click this button
here that says Start Workout.
What that does is it brings
you to this screen, and
I intentionally left the tabs at
the bottom here with no icons,
no text on to leave it up to you,
whatever you want to put on them.
But this is just saying this is gonna be
a tab interface and we want to be able to
slide between these tabs or also tap the
icons at the bottom to go to those tabs.
So we wanna go to do that.
But right now we have this little
nap bar at the top that just says,
Current Workout.
And then because you don't have any
exercises in your current workout,
you can just hit the plus.
But just by looking at this you can see
that we need a few things other than tabs
I just talked about, we also need things
like track in the current workout,
exercises being added.
So you can kinda think of
this stuff as you go and
we build out our app and
in this state stuff with Redux, so
you can think about what reducers and
stuff we might need for this application.
So we click this, we get a modal that
slides up, and then here it's immediately,
it's gonna have this
search bar up at the top.
And you can start typing and then
there's gonna be a fuzzy searcher there.
I'm gonna have build out for you.
But if you're feeling awesome, you can
build out that fuzzy searcher yourself
too, it's not that complicated,
but that's gonna be built for you.
You just have to build the components, but
as you type this is gonna be a list
of exercises that you can do.
The app is already, gonna be populated
with some exercises there for you.
So you don't have to hard
code these exercises in,
they are already hard coded for you.
And then after that, you can select an
exercise or click this x button here and
let's select an exercise and
it'll bring you back to the screen
where it will list your exercise.
I did make a design for
that cuz I wanna leave it up to you,
how you want to display
them on the page as well.
I think your eyes are gonna
be a little different there.
But that's basically it.
So you can hit x as well and
it'll drop down a modal.
So you can think of other possible screens
as being a few swipes at a right it will
show the history of all
the exercises that you've ever done.
>> [SOUND].
>> Scott: Or if you go to the right even
more, maybe there's a settings page where
you can change units from pounds to
whatever else you want to use and
stuff like that.
So there's a tons of
options you can do that,
we're just gonna do the basic
thing to get started.